I never looked at the whole picture and
assess
um you know what
you mean a program
particular situations because
no one thing he's never been counted out
no yes okay that was good enough for me
now have you been counted out of his
stand now we got an issue because when
you see that taught us the meal is not
far away okay but he got a soul wasn't
taught to survive the situation like
that it's all you're gonna have an
opportunity to get back in and you know
what you have Oh 12 Friday now how you
lost it
it only way you even around is an
argument the only way you wind around is
it knocking man you lost or let it go
right let it go all right if you'd have
been smart in the Danny Garcia fight
he'd already won two rounds
he was sitting back out there after that
round and told him look don't throw a
punch move your lazy day great
fundamental jab out and back don't throw
a punch you all be a one-round know you
can how bout you cuz I'm all ready to
see me and we don't take one route
anytime after so I don't look at you two
I everybody else classified so my
question for you Virgil then is what
tweaks or adjustments if any have you
had to make time so make sure that
doesn't happen again you know that well
you can't you can't if you do your best
you know you give them awareness
tightening up in teaching position you
teaching when and when not to but at
some point it always could happen is
better you're teaching magnet you still
have to prepare him that moment ok sugar
go to get the program that moment is
here so he'll do the right thing if it
happens you want to be confident in him
when adversity comes that's where you
want to be confident if you only look
confident
whinnies front-running then you might
fall apart when adversity comes in this
business you come in a split second so
have you been doing any type of like
dizzy drills or anything like that in
the gym I see some boxers you like a
dizzy little you know drill too just in
case they get dropped or something like
that oh yeah yeah what you don't want
that's physical
you know that's physical prefer to do
the male part of it you know and
go down to the ground yeah get up whoa
shaky fluid jumping her from time man
you fell on my lady but I'm fine I'm
fine go get it what's breath going to JD
begging in the face he's gonna give you
a little time right learn how to survive
and get back to the gun so it's more
mental
because if i get is a drill
here